a kid in my neighborhood who I heard was
pretty good at fortnight invited me over
to his house it wasn't creepy at all I
went upstairs in his in his room just me
and him
his parents are watching it was all cool
and he sat me down and he kind of showed
me the go to you know mechanics look at
this guy getting in our shot hey
everyone I'm at the fort night pro-am
and Los Angeles rain right now by John
heater talked a little bit about his
experience so this is new we were just
talking before this is a whole new world
for you I mean I've known about it for a
while I love video games but the world
of eSports right is that what you call
it
eSports is just it kind of boggles my
brain I I can't wrap my head around it
it's like foreign it's like a foreign
piece of excrement inside my body and my
it's trying to protect and wrap around
but I can't quite get around it I've
never heard a sports described that way
I didn't mean any offense that way I
know this is yeah I don't mind that a
description at all a foreign body it's a
foreign body and and I can't quite like
send the antibodies out to protect
myself from it what is your knowledge of
eSport like this is great for me because
I sit in this eSports bubble where
everybody knows I'd love to know what
you know about eSports like what is your
take on it might take whoa
I mean eSports is like I mean the fact
that has a name it means it's like an
institution now and I didn't know is
that big I didn't know I'm we're at an
event right now and the first I've ever
been where it feels like this is
probably akin to like 20-30 years ago
where maybe a kid would be invited by
his dad's like rich friend to go to meet
and greet or like a little party like
this that has all these MLB players okay
and that's what it is it's like the news
forcing I mean we have apparently we're
surrounded by all these famous gamers
that and I don't recognize them at all
but I see these kids and adults running
up to like getting pictures with him
like shaking hands
and and I and I was never into sports
like I never really did that either so
I've never understood that world of like
sports I guess I guess it really comes
down to sports electronic or real as for
me I was never into sports either which
is why but I like games video games so
this is like kind of that I'm finally
getting that experience now that this is
kind of a thing that's a good point like
I was it I wasn't a big spectator sure I
plug playing sports it's kind of like
that I love playing video games but I
don't follow or watch anybody else play
I like I have too much I have too little
time I need to focus on my own playing
and up that and so maybe I mean maybe
that's disconnect like I don't know so
I'm trying to understand that I have a
player I'm playing with that have to
find but yeah the world of you sports
like things I mean they're like these
guys are like what do they just play
video games that they make like tons of
money doing it it's like and the game
companies make tons of game from people
buying they're like this is the world
right it's crazy it's crazy it's my it's
you're describing my world and yes it is
insane smarter one who's like you work
here and you work in this world and I'm
just walking by passerby you're gonna be
on stage you're gonna be playing you're
a competitor that puts you on another
level I just interview the competitors
you're actually competing how are you
gonna do well I feel bad for my partner
I figured it's gonna go like this
alright so I just got a little quick
rundown from neighbor kid in my neighbor
a kid in my neighborhood who I heard was
pretty good a fortnight invited me over
to his house it wasn't creepy at all I
went upstairs in his in his room just me
and him parents are watching it was all
cool and he sat me down and he kind of
showed me the go to you know mechanics
of look at this guy getting in our shot
he went to the mechanics of how to play
for now and so I think I don't know how
to build at all I'm not good at that I'm
not quick at it so he's gonna get out of
he's gonna build stuff probably like
build towers real fast put me at the top
of the tower he's gonna say John you
stay there
you hold the fort literally the four
and while I go kill people and I'll be
like sweet man no bump and someone's
gonna cite me from my life leave your
head down yeah that's right
I learned how to use the bush I did
learn how to use the bush I'm good at
the bush that's if there's a blurb that
we can leave this party from I'm good at
the bush I'm glad I'm glad to hear that
those are the advanced tactics I think
that will allow you to maybe not get
last place so I'm excited anything you
want to say to any of the fortnight fans
out there that are gonna be watching you
oh yeah you guys don't hate don't hate
on me like I'm still a beginner I'm
pretty good at video games I can play
I'll be able to run around and pick up
weapons and swap my ammo and reload it
but you know don't expect too much just
you know have a good time I'll do my
best to like speak the truth just say
how say it like it is
thank you so much for the interview best
of luck in the event it sounds like you
might need that luck so we'll see how
you do everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
fortnight pro-am right here on my
youtube channel I am so exhausted at e3
Grodin wanted me to do these outros I
don't want you I just want to sit here
so he's filming me like this because I'm
protesting but I hope you enjoyed that
part I interview the fortnight set up
here at e3 is amazing
really enjoy it and maybe you aren't
familiar with my content maybe you're
coming in here like I don't know who
this guy is just subscribe to the
channel it doesn't matter who I am just
hit the red button hit subscribe
you'll get all a lot of content it's
really cool content I promise